Principle of consensus.
cue-1
The principle of consensus is also known as social proof. And this
cue-2
suggests that people are more likely to take a specific action if they believe many
cue-3
others are already doing it.
cue-4
Which simply means that your actions are determined by the actions of other
cue-5
people.
cue-6
Has there ever been an instance where you decided to attend an event based on the
cue-7
fact that your friends whom you asked about the event confirmed their
cue-8
attendance?
cue-9
Or have you ever supported a colleague or a friend because people around you
cue-10
do so?
cue-11
That's principle of consensus at influence.
cue-12
An example of the principle of consensus in the context of a phishing
cue-13
attack is when Attackers use social engineering tactics to create a sense of
cue-14
urgency in the victim, and suggesting that many other people have already taken
cue-15
advantage of a particular offer or clicked on a certain link.